# CreateResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**metadata** | Option<**std::collections::HashMap<String, String>**> | Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format, and querying for objects via API or the dashboard.   Keys are strings with a maximum length of 64 characters. Values are strings with a maximum length of 512 characters.  | [optional]
**top_logprobs** | Option<**i32**> | An integer between 0 and 20 specifying the number of most likely tokens to return at each token position, each with an associated log probability.  | [optional]
**temperature** | Option<**f64**> | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. We generally recommend altering this or `top_p` but not both.  | [optional]
**top_p** | Option<**f64**> | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or `temperature` but not both.  | [optional]
**user** | Option<**String**> | This field is being replaced by `safety_identifier` and `prompt_cache_key`. Use `prompt_cache_key` instead to maintain caching optimizations. A stable identifier for your end-users.  Used to boost cache hit rates by better bucketing similar requests and  to help OpenAI detect and prevent abuse. [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#safety-identifiers).  | [optional]
**safety_identifier** | Option<**String**> | A stable identifier used to help detect users of your application that may be violating OpenAI's usage policies.  The IDs should be a string that uniquely identifies each user. We recommend hashing their username or email address, in order to avoid sending us any identifying information. [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/safety-best-practices#safety-identifiers).  | [optional]
**prompt_cache_key** | Option<**String**> | Used by OpenAI to cache responses for similar requests to optimize your cache hit rates. Replaces the `user` field. [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/prompt-caching).  | [optional]
**service_tier** | Option<[**models::ServiceTier**](ServiceTier.md)> |  | [optional]
**previous_response_id** | Option<**String**> | The unique ID of the previous response to the model. Use this to create multi-turn conversations. Learn more about [conversation state](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/conversation-state). Cannot be used in conjunction with `conversation`.  | [optional]
**model** | Option<**String**> |  | [optional]
**reasoning** | Option<[**models::Reasoning**](Reasoning.md)> |  | [optional]
**background** | Option<**bool**> | Whether to run the model response in the background. [Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/background).  | [optional]
**max_output_tokens** | Option<**i32**> | An upper bound for the number of tokens that can be generated for a response, including visible output tokens and [reasoning tokens](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/reasoning).  | [optional]
**max_tool_calls** | Option<**i32**> | The maximum number of total calls to built-in tools that can be processed in a response. This maximum number applies across all built-in tool calls, not per individual tool. Any further attempts to call a tool by the model will be ignored.  | [optional]
**text** | Option<[**models::ResponsePropertiesText**](ResponseProperties_text.md)> |  | [optional]
**tools** | Option<[**Vec<models::Tool>**](Tool.md)> | An array of tools the model may call while generating a response. You can specify which tool to use by setting the `tool_choice` parameter.  We support the following categories of tools: - **Built-in tools**: Tools that are provided by OpenAI that extend the   model's capabilities, like [web search](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools-web-search)   or [file search](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools-file-search). Learn more about   [built-in tools](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools). - **MCP Tools**: Integrations with third-party systems via custom MCP servers   or predefined connectors such as Google Drive and SharePoint. Learn more about   [MCP Tools](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/tools-connectors-mcp). - **Function calls (custom tools)**: Functions that are defined by you,   enabling the model to call your own code with strongly typed arguments   and outputs. Learn more about   [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling). You can also use   custom tools to call your own code.  | [optional]
**tool_choice** | Option<[**models::ResponsePropertiesToolChoice**](ResponseProperties_tool_choice.md)> |  | [optional]
**prompt** | Option<[**models::Prompt**](Prompt.md)> |  | [optional]
**truncation** | Option<**String**> | The truncation strategy to use for the model response. - `auto`: If the context of this response and previous ones exceeds   the model's context window size, the model will truncate the   response to fit the context window by dropping input items in the   middle of the conversation. - `disabled` (default): If a model response will exceed the context window   size for a model, the request will fail with a 400 error.  | [optional]
**input** | Option<**String**> |  | [optional]
**include** | Option<[**Vec<models::Includable>**](Includable.md)> | Specify additional output data to include in the model response. Currently supported values are: - `web_search_call.action.sources`: Include the sources of the web search tool call. - `code_interpreter_call.outputs`: Includes the outputs of python code execution   in code interpreter tool call items. - `computer_call_output.output.image_url`: Include image urls from the computer call output. - `file_search_call.results`: Include the search results of   the file search tool call. - `message.input_image.image_url`: Include image urls from the input message. - `message.output_text.logprobs`: Include logprobs with assistant messages. - `reasoning.encrypted_content`: Includes an encrypted version of reasoning   tokens in reasoning item outputs. This enables reasoning items to be used in   multi-turn conversations when using the Responses API statelessly (like   when the `store` parameter is set to `false`, or when an organization is   enrolled in the zero data retention program).  | [optional]
**parallel_tool_calls** | Option<**bool**> | Whether to allow the model to run tool calls in parallel.  | [optional]
**store** | Option<**bool**> | Whether to store the generated model response for later retrieval via API.  | [optional]
**instructions** | Option<**String**> | A system (or developer) message inserted into the model's context.  When using along with `previous_response_id`, the instructions from a previous response will not be carried over to the next response. This makes it simple to swap out system (or developer) messages in new responses.  | [optional]
**stream** | Option<**bool**> | If set to true, the model response data will be streamed to the client as it is generated using [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format). See the [Streaming section below](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/responses-streaming) for more information.  | [optional]
**stream_options** | Option<[**models::ResponseStreamOptions**](ResponseStreamOptions.md)> |  | [optional]
**conversation** | Option<[**models::CreateResponseAllOfConversation**](CreateResponse_allOf_conversation.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


